# News

## FlashFest organised for April Fools’ snapshot

This month of course comes with April Fools' Day, and that means a Minecraft
April Fools' update! In this year's offering we saw a feature in which players
regularly vote on "proposals", each of which would make a small change to the
game, ranging from changing the colour of grass to... turning the game French?
C'est bizarre. Anyway, with this snapshot came an impromptu ModFest, dubbed a
"FlashFest". The competition gave contestants 24 hours to make anything they
could targeting this snapshot. Some of the brilliant and wildly surreal
submissions included a "Bottle of Gender" (what), a mod that allows proposals to
be converted to items, and then shot out of a gun (???) and a mod with a
proposal which instils a sudden generosity into villagers, making them offer all
trades for free (the most unrealistic one by far). The competition was a great
success, and we hope to see more of these FlashFests in the future - if you want
to see all the submissions, go and check out ModFest's Discord
(https://discord.gg/gn543Ee).

## MCProHosting faces potential layoffs

The “world leader” in server hosting appears to be in trouble, according to a
now deleted tweet. The tweet, which namechecks fellow hosting company Nitrado,
states that “all” the staff got laid off, although this may be hyperbolic, given
that there are still staff members in the service’s Discord. The mention of
Nitrado is significant as their parent company acquired MCProHosting in 2021,
which could mean that MCProHosting could be closing or downsizing significantly
If the tweet is true, it is a worrying development, and also a reminder that
server hosting companies can often be unreliable. Make your backups, people!
